Added model resources for LayoutLM Issue#19848 (#21377)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/layoutlm.mdx

width, height = image.size
```

## Resources

A list of official Hugging Face and community (indicated by 🌎) resources to help you get started with LayoutLM. If you're interested in submitting a resource to be included here, please feel free to open a Pull Request and we'll review it! The resource should ideally demonstrate something new instead of duplicating an existing resource.

<PipelineTag pipeline="token-classification" />

> - A blog post on [`Fine-tuning
> LayoutLM for document-understanding using Keras & Hugging Face
> Transformers`](https://www.philschmid.de/fine-tuning-layoutlm-keras).
> 
> - A notebook on how to [`fine-tune LayoutLM on the FUNSD dataset`](https://colab.research.google.com/github/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/LayoutLM/Add_image_embeddings_to_LayoutLM.ipynb).
> 
> - A notebook on how to [`fine-tune LayoutLMForSequenceClassification on the RVL-CDIP dataset`](https://colab.research.google.com/github/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/LayoutLM/Fine_tuning_LayoutLMForSequenceClassification_on_RVL_CDIP.ipynb).
> 
> - A blog post on how to [Fine-tuning LayoutLM for document-understanding using Hugging Face Transformers](https://www.philschmid.de/fine-tuning-layoutlm).
> 
> - A notebook on how to [ fine-tune the LayoutLM model on the FUNSD dataset](https://colab.research.google.com/github/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/Fine_tuning_LayoutLMForTokenClassification_on_FUNSD.ipynb).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<PipelineTag pipeline="document-question-answering"/>

- A blog post on [fine-tuning
LayoutLM for document-understanding using Keras & Hugging Face
Transformers](https://www.philschmid.de/fine-tuning-layoutlm-keras).

- A blog post on how to [fine-tune LayoutLM for document-understanding using only Hugging Face Transformers](https://www.philschmid.de/fine-tuning-layoutlm).

- A notebook on how to [fine-tune LayoutLM on the FUNSD dataset with image embeddings](https://colab.research.google.com/github/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/LayoutLM/Add_image_embeddings_to_LayoutLM.ipynb).

<PipelineTag pipeline="text-classification"/>

- A notebook on how to [fine-tune LayoutLM for sequence classification on the RVL-CDIP dataset](https://colab.research.google.com/github/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/LayoutLM/Fine_tuning_LayoutLMForSequenceClassification_on_RVL_CDIP.ipynb).

<PipelineTag pipeline="token-classification"/>

- A notebook on how to [ fine-tune LayoutLM for token classification on the FUNSD dataset](https://github.com/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/LayoutLM/Fine_tuning_LayoutLMForTokenClassification_on_FUNSD.ipynb).
```

Author: I added the suggested changes

width, height = image.size
```

## Resources

A list of official Hugging Face and community (indicated by 🌎) resources to help you get started with LayoutLM. If you're interested in submitting a resource to be included here, please feel free to open a Pull Request and we'll review it! The resource should ideally demonstrate something new instead of duplicating an existing resource.

> <PipelineTag pipeline="token-classification" />

Reviewer: This tag can be removed since this section is about document understanding
